Way down in West Virginia, lived a gal named Nancy Brown.
Never seen such beauty in city or in town.
Now Nancy and the deacon climbed the mountainside one day, but Nancy didn't like just what the deacon had to say.
She came rolling down the mountain, she came rolling down the mountain, rolling down the mountain mighty soon.
Cause she wouldn't give the deacon that fair thing that he was seeking And she's just as pure as her old pappy's moon And then there came a cowboy, a cowboy big and strong He took our Nancy Walken, but she still knew right from wrong She came rollin' down the mountain, she came rollin' down the mountain Rollin' down the mountain by the steel For despite the cowboy's urging, she is still the local virgin And she's just as pure as moonlight on the hill
And then there came a trapper with his knapsack on his back.
He took our Nancy walkin' away up to his shack.
She came rollin' down the mountain, she came rollin' down the mountain, rollin' down the mountain mighty wise.
For to fight the trapper's cunning, she didn't feel like fun.
And then she's just as pure as West Virginia skies.
Then there came a city slicker with his hundred dollar bill.
He took Nancy and his Chevy up those West Virginia hills.
Oh, she stayed up in the mountains.
She stayed up in the mountains.
She stayed up in the mountains all the night.
She came home next morning early.
More a woman than a girlie.
And her pappy kicked the hussy out of sight.
Oh, she's living in the city.
Yes, she's living in the city.
She's living in the city mighty swell.
She's a-dining and she's dining on her fanny.
She's reclining.
And those West Virginia hills can go to hell.